---
layout: post
title: Gibraltar Life Insurance
categories: [portforlio]
tags: [vuejs, java]
key: neo
---
**_NEO (Gibraltar Life Insurance, one of the biggest insurance firms in Japan)_**  
_January 2018 - August 2018_  
**Website:** This project, as I knew before I left, is planned to be released around December 2019. Due to NDA, I cannot disclose the screenshots of the website.

**Description:** I joined into a number of projects related to NEO, but the website developed mainly with Vue.js was the most recent one. This project requires the development of a Web-Based Application. The main functionality is to allow recruiters to consult and sell Gibraltar Life insurance services.
My role was both a software engineer and a bridge software engineer at the same time where I had to contribute to both the project development (both front-end and back-end) as well as the communication, discussions and meetings with the Japanese customers/developers (I have high proficiency in Japanese language).
As the applied development process was Agile/ Scrum, we had stand-up meeting every morning to discuss briefly the tasks of the day before, the roadblocks, possible solutions and move on to the tasks of that day. 
My tasks spanned from front-end UI development to back-end services (reports, summaries, etc.). 
For the front-end tasks it required me to deal with various frameworks and libraries such as VueJs, VueX, Axios, vue-router, webpack, babel, estlint, etc. It is similarly that the back-end tasks also asked for Java core, Spring, spring boot, REST API, Jasper Report Studio, DB2, DBUnit, JUnit, Genkins. 
I involved with almost every steps of software development: business requirements acquisition, software design, programming, writing test cases, performing test, making demo and get feedback of PO (project owner).

**Technologies used:** Java Core, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, REST API, DB2, Jasper Report Studio; Vue, VueX, Vue-router, Axios, webpack, babel (ES5), estlint; Genkins, Selenium, DBUnit, JUnit, Visual Studio Code.

**Screenshots:** N/A (due to NDA).